Glutinous rice where is my glutinous rice
What did you do to him?
How did you scare him like this?
I hypnotized him.
The more you do wrong, the more effective it will be
Everything is to blame
Let's go
Why didn't your sister-in-law come today?
I don't know.
I wrote him a lot of letters some time ago.
There was contact before
Then it was gone
Is there something wrong?
Maybe.
Wait a while
Let's go to Nanjing to see him together.
If he knew we were married
Will be very happy
Who is Lord Song?
Lord Song, Miss Su
Lord Wu has written to invite you two to his house
one sentence
My old dog
I don't know if today is our first day of marriage.
You tell him to delay until tomorrow.
Tell Lord Wu
Say we'll be there in half an hour
But today is our first day of marriage
Oops daughter-in-law
The days are still long, don't worry.
Ok listen to you
Dad